# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Adds image viewer tab to open recorded .b2nd files and scroll over images.
- Adds missing camera models to JSON file.

### Changed

- All displaying operations run from a thread, and only calls the main thread when the process images are to be displayed.
- Restructures UI for a more clear use and structures controls inside a toolbox.
- Limits frequency at which images are displayed to avoid locking the UI. Images are still recorded at full speed.
- Defines per-camera property to control which channels are used for rGB representation of the raw spectral data.

### Removed

-

### Fixed

- Fixes UI responsiveness hindered by temperature thread

## [0.2.1]

### Added

- pre-commit hooks.
- Documentation build using sphinx and breath.
- editorconfig.
- CMAKE script to find XIMEA API library automatically.
- install and uninstall targets
- Creates simple examples in `examples`.
- --version flag to print version and build information.
- Tool button to display and hide saturation overlay on graphics.
- Logs camera temperature to images VLMetadata.
- Button to check if new cameras have been connected to the system.
- LCD displayer to show frames per second that are stored to file while recording.
- Custom QSliderLabeled widget to paint text marks on the slider.
- Option to build xilens statically through cmake flag -DBUILD_STATIC.

### Changed

- Bumped BLOSC2 version.
- Bumped the version of CLI11 to 2.4.2.
- Disallows automatic connections between slots and signals and creates connections explicitly.
- Logger prints file path instead of just file name.
- Makes base folder line edit as editable such that base folder can be selected from dialog or by writing the path.

### Removed

- Unused `RunNetwork` method.
- Removes base folder from the UI.

### Fixed

- Recording on an existing file.
- Potential overflow on multiplication operations.

## [0.2.0]

### Added

- Support for XIMEA RGB and gray scale cameras.
- GoogleTests for core components.
- BLOSC2 support. All images are stored using BLOSC" NDArray format.
- pre-commit hooks
- Documentation build using sphinx and breath.
- Dockerfile

### Changed

- RGB images are generated by selecting 3 channels for spectral images.
- Restructured project to store all source files inside src/
- Changed UI style using new Amber Qt theme

### Removed

- Caffe dependency. Perfusion is no longer estimated.

### Fixed

- Access to resources through Qt managed resources

## [0.1.0]
First version of the package using caffe for image inference.
